W-11657317-RTM-caveat (#238)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/am-installing.adoc

* 1.11.x
* 1.10.0

> Mule deployments must be visible and managed using the Runtime Manager user interface. To ensure these appear in Runtime Manager, use the Runtime Manager user interface or the ARM REST API for new deployments.

Author: ```suggestion
Mule deployments must be visible and managed in the Runtime Manager user interface. To ensure they appear, use the Runtime Manager user interface or the ARM REST API for new deployments.
```
